Since my dedication and baptism, I have been serving in a territory where our work is under ban.
When I was serving in the full-time ministry, I was assigned as a special pioneer to the territory where my future husband had been serving.
Then we got married, and now we are sharing in this special irony of service together.
We are persecuted, put on probation, and confronted by government officials.
In difficult times, Jehovah personally assures me with the words from Isaiah.
I will fortify you. Yes, I will help you.
The last time government officials came to our place, they took us to their office for questioning.
They said they had no choice, and we went in their car.
At that moment, I felt that Jehovah was not only giving me his holy spirit and wisdom, but also giving me the physical strength to go.
I was so thankful to him.
Indeed, on that day when we were taken in the car, I prayed to Jehovah.
Please help us to be able to give a witness about you.
A government official even said these words.
It's very interesting for us to talk with you.
When we talk with people of other faith, we never have our questions for the answer.
But you know the correct answers to our questions, and are capable of giving them.
Isaiah said to one five is a big help, because there, Jehovah is described as being like swooping birds.
After all, Jehovah is above me.
In this verse, he also promises that he will defend and save.
Encounters with government officials and discussions with them have brought many blessings for our brothers, for our Bible students and for us.
But it has been a good opportunity for policemen too, because there are sincere ones among them who have a lot of questions.
We have had good discussions, and I began to view them as my return visits.
We have shared with our students how Jehovah is giving us strength, and how he is blessing us when we are talking with government officials.
As a result, they were able to stay strong in the faith.
After meeting with police, we never see that home trembling in fear.
On the contrary, we try to share in field service with our brothers and sisters even more, because it's also an encouragement for them.
We spend a lot of time sharing with them how Jehovah glorifies his name.
In certain situations, through his words in the Psalms, Jehovah shows me that he is on my side, and I fully believe it.
Jehovah indeed is on my side, and he has shown me that people can do nothing to me.
We participated with the construction when the Kingdom Hall was built the first time.
Everything was finished very nicely.
Then we were involved in the construction of the same Kingdom Hall the second time.
And when we were close to the end of the construction and came to the construction site and saw everything burned out and ruined, we cried.
So almost every day, unfriendly neighbors stopped us and continued to say to us,
stop your work, go out from our village.
In those moments, I just used to pray silently to Jehovah.
I was a bit afraid.
Since I had still fresh in my mind all the memory, the difficulties, and how the neighbors threw the stones at us.
But the words in Isaiah 41, verse 10, gave me strength.
Do not be afraid for I am with you. Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you. I will really hold on to you with my right hand.
Reading these words always gave us power to continue our service.
I reflected on the words in AMIA 217.
Come, let us rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.
So that this disgrace will not continue. Jehovah wants this Kingdom Hall to be.
This is important to the people there. So I wanted their praise for Jehovah again.
It was more than clear that Jehovah is backing us.
The finished construction of that same Kingdom Hall the third time from floor to the roof in 45 days.
From human standpoint, this is not possible.
We worked closer with many elders and ministerial servants.
It was an enjoyable experience.
We felt Jehovah's hand. Jehovah's strength and our spirit.
He encouraged us and we felt that.
We cannot be silent. We have to praise God.
We see Him. We know Him.
Jehovah poured out His Holy Spirit and we gained confidence that Jehovah is always near and ready to help.
He is like a loving father holding us at our hands.
Endurance helped us to receive all the blessing we are experiencing now.
I am very much grateful to Jehovah God for all these blessings.
I realized more fully that for His name Jehovah becomes anything He wants.